If my grandpa had three long and two short
I will bury you all
Nonsense. Nonsense.
Such a long Yancheng plunged directly into the head
Is this guy still alive?
God usually loves you the most
You're still messing around here
Are you worthy of his old man?
If I lose, I'm saving my grandpa.
Grandpa beast is so kind to you
It hurts so much when you're dying
What are you?
Grandpa's most beloved grandson is Aunt Shen
Aunt Shen will not harm grandpa
Somebody kick him out
Well, grandpa won't be an old man
I'm afraid I'll never wake up again
Ok your review
In order to monopolize the Xingyao Consortium, he actually murdered grandpa
It's really wolf ambition, something worse than pigs and dogs
The Xingyao Foundation was originally founded by my father
What does it have to do with you?
you
My second brother is upright
How did I give birth to you?
Such a thing that is inferior to a pig and a dog?
Who is the wolf's heart
Conspiracy
Wolves should be more fierce than anyone else
Oh, why is it so noisy, grandpa?